will rain hell down from on high
[Music]
dear Lord let your Holy Angel be with me
evil foam they have no power
into your hands I commend myself my body
and soul a minute
congratulations on your command will
always be looking for UAV even if I'm a
thousand miles away
Harris cord to Greyhound you will now be
out a range of air cover for the next
five days
safe travels to England how many
crossings does this make this is my
first I got some most likely a youthful
kill distress rockets sir
even hits directly on the convoy the
Wolfpack
[Music]
in 48 hours we've lost seven ships
in 50 souls
what you did yesterday gotta spit today
I'm not nearly enough
[Music]
[Applause]
target's disappeared sir
where they come what we gonna do will
rain hell down from on high
Scoob do you realize where we are
Lou look a real man the clean modernist
thing the cool blue color palette
we're in Mikey didn't you say IKEA nope
I said Falcon fury just like you Shaggy
and Scooby were taken yeah
this blue light came down from the sky
and beamed them up how do you agree I
have to assume that if they were with
their friends they wouldn't have been
kidnapped
okay can you skip the emotional
punishment with some guy almost Scooby
and Shaggy I don't know but I'd like to
shake the hand of whoever created this
and then you know throw that hand in
prison for trying to kill our friends
[Applause]
this mangy stray is coming with me he's
not a stray okay then what's his name
his name's Scooby middle name doobie
last name gentlemen welcome aboard this
isn't about some guy in a rubber mask I
would have gotten away with this and
forward for you mentally
welcome to the fury hang on hang on turn
on the lights
where are my balloons didi when I say
Falcon fury that's supposed to cue the
balloons oh great great timing you might
want to buckle up
[Music]
scooby-do-be-do maybe this can lead us
to our culprit jinkies
apparently he's been stealing Netflix by
using his mother's account that is not
fair for the rest of us who have to pay
for Netflix you have to pay for Netflix
if you want you go over and drop us off
here I guess our new movie is an origin
story that we heroes should have won I
want the rock to play me oh no this
isn't about the father this is about the
son Artemis Fowl
[Applause]
you've grown strong son and smarter than
I ever imagined then take me with you
Oh Artie there's just one very important
thing I have to do
[Music]
authorities launched a worldwide manhunt
for the famous collector he is suspected
to have been behind some of the biggest
robberies ever returned it to me or how
to destroy everything you love they
weren't supposed to see this yet
[Music]
your father is in a complicated
profession for years he is protected
powerful secrets that have kept mankind
safe from the dangers of another world
it's time to face your destiny what they
call great but we are not alone in this
world stidham's
is a talented giant Worf and I'm Holly
short your ally on the other side
it's real
[Music]
alright save my father save the world
Oh seemed ready fella we just gonna head
out to miss I'm scared too dad
we'll see
thank you
I'm the next criminal mastermind
this is what they call greatness I
didn't bring much heart rose anything
else to do cake for the teeth baby
people good to know
[Music]
Haidee used to be my little buddy go on
nature hikes skip rocks we used to be so
connected he did smile you know you can
experience things a whole lot better
without that game that this is how I
experience it I don't think
yes tomorrow I'm finally leaving for
college but in the meantime I've made
you guys this goodbye video you know
what this is our last night together how
about we make 10 seconds family eye
contact
starting with your phone down now now
you're allowed to blink it's just I
contact no screens at the table Lynn why
are you kicking me I don't understand
I'm just look I'll watch it that it's
too late look I want to watch it dad
this is exactly why I'm excited to leave
to our lady I know you can fix this why
do you need all that to take me to the
airport
I cancelled your plane ticket to college
we are gonna drive you to school on a
cross-country road trip as a family
behold and now I present Ricky Mitchell
Atticus make up hey Dad can you check
the trunk yeah sure
thank you Katie hey kids there supposed
to be some great idea this is something
we hear a pal bout to drop her biggest
invention yet meet the helper thought we
promised you they will never turn either
mom what is that
greetings humans technology rising up
sayonara robots roaming the streets what
is this strange creature dogs pick dog
loaf of bread let me just have always
been weird come to wash your hands don't
worry I never do that's what makes us
great then we just might be weird enough
to save the world all right all right
well I never thought I'd be saying the
last mission before Mars and yet here we
are making last preparations for the
long journey thank you
you have a daughter right yes sit up
[Music]
you
I think you oughta ask him to lighten
your load
[Music]
the person
yeah yeah
[Music]
the theological you know this is no
place for kid yet you're gonna have to
cut the cord you're gonna be gone in a
month a bundle 24 such thing as a
perfect astronaut
just like there's no such thing as a
perfect mother
I don't care
[Music]
there once was a woman made of moonlight
and teeth she would roam in the woods
searching for something hunting and he
just kept telling me you are perfect you
are accepted oh my shepherd I needed to
experience with you than I ever had
before
so beautiful just like your mother's
come down on me and for me with yourself
let us pray my wives you all came to me
broken by cruel world I took every one
of you in sacrificed my life for you I
gave you daughters sisterhood and life
let us reflect on our blessing do you
think that because you haven't had your
time yet that makes you special
prepare yourself child our great
Shepherd won't be so sweet on you then
I'll be seeing you when the blood comes
to you as I went down in the valley to
pray studying about the starry Kristen
punished
I am relying on you selling of all my
children
you're the purest in your faith
[Applause]
you